//Copyright ALDICA MARIA MIRUNA 
I create a stuct which contains: an int pointer that is going to
represent the pixels of an image; its number of rows, columns, maximum,
number of elements and the coordinates by which the next actions are
going to be made.

 LOAD
If the action is 'LOAD' it checks if the image is already loaded or not
For loading an image we read the magicword, the size and the maxvalue of its 
pixels. 
If our file is text type, we continue to read the image in ASCII
If our file is binary type, we read the image in binary

SELECT
If the action is 'SELECT', there are given 4 numbers which represent 2 different
coordinates by which the next action is going to be made.
With this action we check if we meet the next conditions:
1. If the coordinates are positive
2. If the coordinates are different to any letters
3. If the points does not exceed the height or width of the photo
4. If the difference between the points of x axis and y axis is different 
to zero
5. If the argument is ALL, then we select the whole image

ROTATE
If the action is 'ROTATE' we will have an argument that represent the number 
of degrees of the angle that rotates the image.
The available valyes are +/-90, +/- 180, +/-270, +/-360(for the last 2 values, 
the photo remains the same)
The selection must be SQUARE.
To rotate the negative values, we use their value + 360. To rotate every image,
we make the transpose of it, then we swap the pixels one by one. 

 CROP
 If the action is 'CROP' it will crop the photo to the selecion made earlyer.
 
 APPLY
 If the action is 'APPLY' we will multiply the value of our pixels to the value
 of kernel's pixels. 
 It is available only if our image is coloured.
 
 SAVE
 If the action is 'SAVE', we check the next arguments. So we save the image and 
 optional ASCII arguments that will make the image to be saves in a text mode.

EXIT
If the action is 'EXIT', the program ends by freeing the memory allocated

ANOTHER
If the action is not one of those mentioned above, the program will ignore it 
and it will wait for another command


